2.0.0-rc (#639)
sezanzeb/input-remapper: README.md

sudo systemctl restart input-remapper
```

> ## Migrating old configs to version 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrating beta configs to version 2
```
Since this section only concerns beta configs.

> 
> If you never installed beta alongside v1, there is no need to do anything.
> 
> If you want to migrate your beta configs to v2, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion

By default Inputremapper will only migrate configurations from the v1 main branch.
If you want to use configurations created on the beta branch you will need to copy 
them manually. Make sure the `~/.config/input-remapper-2` folder is empty before 
you do so.
```

```
cp ~/.config/input-remapper/beta_1.6.0-beta ~/.config/input-remapper-2 -r
```

If you want to migrate your v1 configs to v2, run

```
cp ~/.config/input-remapper/ ~/.config/input-remapper-2 -r
```

> Then start input-remapper

Reviewer: This is confusing, I thought Inputremapper would do this by default.
